Retriving information about CC3100 with RadioTool (#4)
silent-dragonfly/docs: 00-setup-workstation/set-up-workstation.md

- To resolve the problem of strange input while debuging [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/a/19824801)
	- Create `.gdbinit` 
	- Insert the line `set new-console on` in the `.gdbinit`

## Print CC3100 Information

- Using the [CC3100 & CC3200 Radio Tool](http://processors.wiki.ti.com/index.php/CC3100_%26_CC3200_Radio_Tool#Example_Commands) was possible to retrive the MAC Add `MAC=54:4A:16:2B:C9:37` and Firmware Version `FW_ver=2.10.0.0.31.1.5.0.2.1.0.3.37` from CC3100 Module ![](./MAC-Add_Fiemware-Ver.PNG) 

> - By connecting trough the J6 ![](./J6 port CC3100.PNG) from the CC3100 module it is possibel to execute some other instructions over CLI as can be seen on the [Radio Tool dopcumentation](http://www.ti.com/lit/ug/swru471/swru471.pdf).

Reviewer: erretas
```suggestion
- By connecting trough the J6 ![](./J6 port CC3100.PNG) from the CC3100 module it is possible to execute some other instructions over CLI as can be seen on the [Radio Tool documentation](http://www.ti.com/lit/ug/swru471/swru471.pdf).
```
